
<body marginheight="0"><h1>Description:</h1>
<p>You are playing the following Bulls and Cows game with your friend: You write down a number and ask your friend to guess what the number is. Each time your friend makes a guess, you provide a hint that indicates how many digits in said guess match your secret number exactly in both digit and position (called "bulls") and how many digits match the secret number but locate in the wrong position (called "cows"). Your friend will use successive guesses and hints to eventually derive the secret number.

</p>
<p>For example:

</p>
<p>Secret number:  "1807"
Friend's guess: "7810"
Hint: 1 bull and 3 cows. (The bull is 8, the cows are 0, 1 and 7.)

</p>
<h2>Solution</h2>
<pre><code>1.   create the dictionary of secret.
2.   compare if the corresponding position of both String is equal ,if true then bull++,else then go to the 3 step.
3.   search whether the number of the guess string  is still in the secret(except for  the number which has been processed) through the dic, if 
none, then continue the next loop, if true, then cow++ and go to the next loop.</code></pre>
<p><strong><em>Note: There is a case that the mismatch(the number is OK but the position is wrong) number may take up the absolutely right(both the number and the position)nunber's quantity that leads to excess of cow. </em></strong>
<strong><em>for example:secret [1 1 1 2 2]       guess[2 2 1 2 2] we concentrate on the number '2'. the first two '2's in the guess leads to the excess of 2 cow, for the last two '2' is quite right in position and number. we need to decrease cow </em></strong> 
</p>
<pre><code class="lang-java">public String getHint(String secret, String guess) {
        int[]dic=new int[10];
        int bull=0,cow=0;
        for(int i=0;i&lt;secret.length();i++){
            dic[secret.charAt(i)-'0']+=1;
        }
        for(int i=0;i&lt;guess.length();i++){
            if(secret.charAt(i)==guess.charAt(i)){
                bull++;
                if(dic[secret.charAt(i)-'0']==0){   //when the exception in the note happens, decrease the number of cow
                    cow--;continue;
                }
                dic[guess.charAt(i)-'0']--;
            }
            else{
                if(dic[guess.charAt(i)-'0']&gt;0){
                    cow++;
                    dic[guess.charAt(i)-'0']-=1;
                }
            }
        }
        return bull+"A"+cow+"B";
    }</code></pre>
<p>Edit By <a href="http://mahua.jser.me">MaHua</a></p>
</body></html>
