
<body marginheight="0"><h1>Description:</h1>
<p>Given a collection of candidate numbers (candidates) and a target number (target), find all unique combinations in candidates where the candidate numbers sums to target.

</p>
<p>Each number in candidates may only be used once in the combination.

</p>
<p>Note:

</p>
<p>All numbers (including target) will be positive integers.
The solution set must not contain duplicate combinations.
Example 1:
</p>
<pre><code>Input: candidates = [10,1,2,7,6,1,5], target = 8,
A solution set is:
[
  [1, 7],
  [1, 2, 5],
  [2, 6],
  [1, 1, 6]
]</code></pre>
<h2>Solution 1: backtrack</h2>
<p>The only thing that needs to consider is  avoid the duplicates. First we need to know how the duplicates come up. Take the example above, when we do
 backtrack, the result will appear [1,7] and [7,1]  which are duplicates ,'1' is used twice. But sometimes it is right to use twice '1' like [1,6,1]
 So we need to sort the arrays first :[1,1,2,5,6,7,10]. There is a case1 when firstly use the first '1', but secondly not use the second '1'. There is also a case2
 that firstly use the second '1'. Case1 and case2 will lead to the same answer at last. So we need to skip the loop when the number in the array now is equal to 
 the last one in the array but the number is not used in the recursive method(by comparing if start is equal to index, if equal then in recursive,else not).
</p>
<pre><code class="lang-java">public List&lt;List&lt;Integer&gt;&gt; combinationSum2(int[] candidates, int target) {
        List&lt;List&lt;Integer&gt;&gt;list=new LinkedList&lt;&gt;();
        Arrays.sort(candidates);
        if(candidates.length==0)
            return list;
        List&lt;Integer&gt;tmpList=new LinkedList&lt;&gt;();
        backtrack(candidates,list,tmpList,target,0);
        return list;
    }
    public void backtrack(int[] candidates,List&lt;List&lt;Integer&gt;&gt;list,List&lt;Integer&gt;tmpList,int target,int start){
        if(target==0)
            list.add(new LinkedList&lt;Integer&gt;(tmpList));
        for(int i=start;i&lt;candidates.length;i++){

            if(candidates[i]&lt;=target){
                 if(i&gt;start&amp;&amp;candidates[i]==candidates[i-1]) continue; //skip the duplicates
                tmpList.add(candidates[i]);
                backtrack(candidates,list,tmpList,target-candidates[i],i+1);
                tmpList.remove(tmpList.size()-1);
            }
        }
    }</code></pre>
<p>Edit By <a href="http://mahua.jser.me">MaHua</a></p>
</body></html>
