<html lang="en"><head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title></title>
<style id="system" type="text/css">body{}</style><style id="custom" type="text/css"></style></head>
<body marginheight="0"><h2>Description</h2>
<p>Determine if a 9x9 Sudoku board is valid. Only the filled cells need to be validated according to the following rules:

</p>
<p>Each row must contain the digits 1-9 without repetition.
Each column must contain the digits 1-9 without repetition.
Each of the 9 3x3 sub-boxes of the grid must contain the digits 1-9 without repetition.

</p>
<p>A partially filled sudoku which is valid.

</p>
<p>The Sudoku board could be partially filled, where empty cells are filled with the character '.'.



</p>
<h2>Analysis:</h2>
<p>We need 3 traversals:

</p>
<ul>
<li>first horizontal row  then vertical col</li>
<li>first vertical col  then horizontal row</li>
<li>first horizontal block then vertical block</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>But we do not need to creat the traversals loop for 3 times, finish it in one!</strong>

</p>
<ol>
<li><p>In the same <code>i,j</code> for loops, we just need to swap the board index to achieve the different
traversal.</p>
</li>
<li><p>The special thing is to traversal the blocks.</p>
<ul>
<li>We know that there are 9 blocks in the whole matrix. So <code>i</code> means the block index in horizontal scan. but how can we
use <code>i</code> from 0-8 to represent the index of  begining of every block? The answer is to use <code>%</code> and <code>/</code> in a smart way.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>
<pre><code class="lang-java">int RowIndex = 3*(i/3);
int ColIndex = 3*(i%3);</code></pre>
<pre><code>    About the function of j, it is nearly the same as i,but it is for the index of one certain
    block,j represent a relative position in a block, to get the real value we want, we 
    need to add RowIndex and ColIndex in front of j position to get the absolute position.</code></pre>
<h2>Code:</h2>
<pre><code class="lang-java">public boolean isValidSudoku(char[][] board) {
    for(int i = 0; i&lt;9; i++){
        HashSet&lt;Character&gt; rows = new HashSet&lt;Character&gt;();
        HashSet&lt;Character&gt; columns = new HashSet&lt;Character&gt;();
        HashSet&lt;Character&gt; cube = new HashSet&lt;Character&gt;();
        for (int j = 0; j &lt; 9;j++){
            if(board[i][j]!='.' &amp;&amp; !rows.add(board[i][j]))
                return false;
            if(board[j][i]!='.' &amp;&amp; !columns.add(board[j][i]))
                return false;
            int RowIndex = 3*(i/3);
            int ColIndex = 3*(i%3);
            if(board[RowIndex + j/3][ColIndex + j%3]!='.' &amp;&amp; !cube.add(board[RowIndex + j/3][ColIndex + j%3]))
                return false;
        }
    }
    return true;
}</code></pre>
<p>Edit By <a href="http://mahua.jser.me">MaHua</a></p>
</body></html>